Convert develop to v2.0.0 (#5006)
HDFGroup/hdf5: release_docs/INSTALL_Autotools.txt

>              hdf5-1_17_"X".tar.gz or hdf5-1_17_"X".zip

Reviewer: Missed pattern here it looks like

Author: updated

   1. Unpacking the distribution
        The HDF5 source code is distributed in a variety of formats which
        can be unpacked with the following commands, each of which creates an

>         'hdf5-2.X.Y' directory, where2. X.Y is the HDF5 version numbers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        'hdf5-2.X.Y' directory, where 2.X.Y is the HDF5 version number.
```

Reviewer 2: Or else where 2.X.Y are the version numbers.
